# SuddenUnexplainedDeathKids
Sudden Unexplained Death of babies & older is a clasification where known determining factors of have been ruled out. What's left is lumped together in this category that often gets ignored, we think in part due to research culture that favours citations & track-record over solving hard problems using ideation.

Our organisation's mission is to reduce research & government funding in-effectiveness by demonstrating the 'we will definately find a cause' mechanistic-driven research paradigm is very ineffecient as only 20% of deaths (of babies < 1) are from such causes (we aim to provide competition & education). In particular we aim to provide preliminary evidence an early-warning system that alerts parents to potential risk of death is plausible as a preventive measure, with ideally very accurate 'false negatives'. We also point out this is their research game rules, not rules the general public have approved - who are their funders - which is self-serving (their own intellectual egoism & bias). Our organisation does not receive any government & university funding so we tend to 'call it as it is', not because it's easier or convenient for us.

Given most of these deaths occur correlated to a real human being in a face-down position in combination with some seizure activity, our system will focus on these 'indicators'. Our system will also have some subsystems to increase the effectiveness of warning triggering such as breathing and heart monitoring. Importantly our system will allow customisation to the unique human it's monitoring, with 'machine learning' used to adapt to real-world requirements. As an organisation with experience of this harsh world, we refute the dominant research & specialist consensus that Big Brother knows best. Further, we assert they don't care as much as we do. Thus our organisation prioritises culture & impact over track-record & consultations. In collaboration with the SUDC Foundation with research (pilot study) by Tessellate Data Science.
